  Movie Hub Documentation

 Introduction
The React Movie App is a web application built using React.js that allows users to browse and watch movie trailers from YouTube. This documentation provides an overview of the application's features, architecture, and usage instructions.

 Features
The Movie App comes with the following features:

1. Movie List: Users can browse a list of movies displayed on the home page. Each movie is represented by a thumbnail image, title, and description.Additionally, a YouTube trailer for the movie is displayed on this page. 

2. Movie Trailer: The Movie App integrates with the Youtube URLs to fetch and display movie trailers. When a user selects a movie, the app retrieves the corresponding trailer from YouTube and plays it within the application with the react-player.

 Architecture
The React Movie App follows a component-based architecture using React.js. Here are the key components and their responsibilities:

1. App: The root component that manages the application's state and routing.

2. MovieList: Displays the list of movies on the home page. It communicates with the backend API to fetch the movie data and renders each movie as a thumbnail.

4. MovieTrailer: Integrates with the YouTube URLs to fetch and display the movie trailer video. It utilizes the react-player to handle video playback.

5.TMDB API: A movie API that provides movie data and serves as an intermediary between the Movie App and tmdb. It handles requests for movie information and retrieves YouTube trailer URLs.

 Prerequisites
To run the React Movie App locally, you need to have the following software installed on your machine:

1. Node.js (version 14 or later)
2. npm (Node Package Manager)

 Installation
Follow these steps to install and set up the React Movie App:

1. Clone the project repository from GitHub:

   
   git clone https://github.com/Andrew667-ygt/movie-hub.git
   

2. Navigate to the project directory:

   
   cd react-movie-app
   

3. Install the dependencies using npm:
	
  npm install
  
 Dependencies
The React Movie App relies on the following dependencies:

- react: JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- react-dom: Provides DOM-specific methods for React.
- react-router-dom: Allows routing and navigation within the app.
- axios: Promise-based HTTP client for making API requests.
- react-player: Embeds YouTube videos into React components.
- react-icons:Provided the icons used in this app.


These dependencies are automatically installed when you run npm install.

 Usage
After completing the installation and configuration steps, you can run the React Movie App locally using the following command:

'npm start'
This will start the development server and launch the application in your default web browser.

 Resources 
- React documentation: https://reactjs.org/docs
- Axios: https://axios-http.com/ 
- tmdb Api :https://developers.themoviedb.org/3
